The translated license terms can be viewed here: https://www-03.ibm.com/software/sla/sladb.nsf/searchlis/?searchview&searchorder=4&searchmax=0&query=(Spectrum+Symphony+7.2.1)

LICENSE INFORMATION

The Programs listed below are licensed under the following License Information terms and conditions in addition to the Program license terms previously agreed to by Client and IBM. If Client does not have previously agreed to license terms in effect for the Program, the International Program License Agreement (Z125-3301-14) applies.

Program Name (Program Number):
IBM Spectrum Symphony Standard Edition 7.2.1 (5725-G86)
IBM Spectrum Symphony Advanced Edition 7.2.1 (5725-G86)

The following standard terms apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Limited use right

As described in the International Program License Agreement ("IPLA") and this License Information, IBM grants Licensee a limited right to use the Program. This right is limited to the level of Authorized Use, such as a Processor Value Unit ("PVU"), a Resource Value Unit ("RVU"), a Value Unit ("VU"), or other specified level of use, paid for by Licensee as evidenced in the Proof of Entitlement. Licensee's use may also be limited to a specified machine, or only as a Supporting Program, or subject to other restrictions. As Licensee has not paid for all of the economic value of the Program, no other use is permitted without the payment of additional fees. In addition, Licensee is not authorized to use the Program to provide commercial IT services to any third party, to provide commercial hosting or timesharing, or to sublicense, rent, or lease the Program unless expressly provided for in the applicable agreements under which Licensee obtains authorizations to use the Program. Additional rights may be available to Licensee subject to the payment of additional fees or under different or supplementary terms. IBM reserves the right to determine whether to make such additional rights available to Licensee.

Specifications

Program's specifications can be found in the collective Description and Technical Information sections of the Program's Announcement Letters.

Prohibited Uses

Licensee may not use or authorize others to use the Program, alone or in combination with other services or products, in support of any of the following high risk activities: design, construction, control, or maintenance of nuclear facilities, mass transit systems, air traffic control systems, automotive control systems, weapons systems, or aircraft navigation or communications, or any other activity where program failure could give rise to a material threat of death or serious personal injury.

Components Not Used for Establishing Required Entitlements

When determining the number of entitlements required for Licensee's installation or use of the Program, the installation or use of the following Program components are not taken into consideration. In other words, Licensee may install and use the following Program components, under the license terms, but these components are not used to determine the number of entitlements required for the Program.
IBM Spectrum Symphony Client 7.2.1

Separately Licensed Code

The provisions of this paragraph do not apply to the extent they are held to be invalid or unenforceable under the law that governs this license. Each of the components listed below is considered "Separately Licensed Code". IBM Separately Licensed Code is licensed to Licensee under the terms of the applicable third party license agreement(s) set forth in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file(s) that accompanies the Program. Notwithstanding any of the terms in the Agreement, or any other agreement Licensee may have with IBM, the terms of such third party license agreement(s) governs Licensee's use of all Separately Licensed Code unless otherwise noted below.

Future Program updates or fixes may contain additional Separately Licensed Code. Such additional Separately Licensed Code and related licenses are listed in another NON_IBM_LICENSE file that accompanies the Program update or fix. Licensee acknowledges that Licensee has read and agrees to the license agreements contained in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file(s). If Licensee does not agree to the terms of these third party license agreements, Licensee may not use the Separately Licensed Code.

For Programs acquired under the International Program License Agreement ("IPLA") or International Program License Agreement for Non Warranted Program ("ILAN") and Licensee is the original licensee of the Program, if Licensee does not agree with the third party license agreements, Licensee may return the Program in accordance with the terms of, and within the specified time frames stated in, the "Money-back Guarantee" section of the IPLA or ILAN IBM Agreement.

Note: Notwithstanding any of the terms in the third party license agreement, the Agreement, or any other agreement Licensee may have with IBM:
(a) IBM provides this Separately Licensed Code to Licensee WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND;
(b) IBM DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR INTERFERENCE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SEPARATELY LICENSED CODE;
(c) IBM is not liable to Licensee, and will not defend, indemnify, or hold Licensee harmless for any claims arising from or related to the Separately Licensed Code; and
(d) IBM is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages including, but not limited to, lost data, lost savings, and lost profits, with respect to the Separately Licensed Code.

Notwithstanding these exclusions, in Germany and Austria, IBM's warranty and liability for the Separately Licensed Code is governed only by the respective terms applicable for Germany and Austria in IBM license agreements.

Note: IBM may provide limited support for some Separately Licensed Code. If such support is available, the details and any additional terms related to such support will be set forth in the License Information document.

The following are Separately Licensed Code:
busybox
Hook
Bison parser
XenServer-SDK

adduser
apt
base-files
base-passwd
bash
bsdutils
coreutils
dash
debconf
debianutils
diffutils
dpkg
e2fslibs
e2fsprogs
findutils
gcc-5-base
gcc-6-base
gnupg
gpgv
grep
gzip
hostname
init
init-system-helpers
initscripts
insserv
libacl1
libapparmor1
libapt-pkg5.0
libattr1
libaudit-common
libaudit1
libblkid1
libbz2-1.0
libc-bin
libc6
libcap2
libcap2-bin
libcomerr2
libcryptsetup4
libdb5.3
libdebconfclient0
libdevmapper1.02.1
libfdisk1
libgcc1
libgcrypt20
libgpg-error0
libkmod2
liblz4-1
liblzma5
libmount1
libncurses5
libncursesw5
libpam-modules
libpam-modules-bin
libpam-runtime
libpam0g
libpcre3
libprocps4
libreadline6
libseccomp2
libselinux1
libsemanage-common
libsemanage1
libsepol1
libsmartcols1
libss2
libsystemd0
libtinfo5
libudev1
libusb-0.1-4
libustr-1.0-1
libuuid1
login
lsb-base
makedev
mawk
mount
multiarch-support
ncurses-base
ncurses-bin
passwd
perl-base
procps
readline-common
sed
sensible-utils
systemd
systemd-sysv
sysv-rc
sysvinit-utils
tar
ubuntu-keyring
util-linux
zlib1g
liblz4-tool
RPm
openSSH

Privacy

Licensee acknowledges and agrees that IBM may use cookie and tracking technologies to collect personal information in gathering product usage statistics and information designed to help improve user experience and/or to tailor interactions with users in accordance with the IBM Online Privacy Policy, available at http://www.ibm.com/privacy/.

Source Components and Sample Materials

The Program may include some components in source code form ("Source Components") and other materials identified as Sample Materials. Licensee may copy and modify Source Components and Sample Materials for internal use only provided such use is within the limits of the license rights under this Agreement, provided however that Licensee may not alter or delete any copyright information or notices contained in the Source Components or Sample Materials. IBM provides the Source Components and Sample Materials without obligation of support and "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR NON-INTERFERENCE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Terms for Microsoft Visual Studio

The Program may contain Microsoft Visual Studio SDK code. Licensee is not permitted to use such code to develop extensions to Microsoft Visual Studio. Licensee will not modify or distribute the source code of any Microsoft Visual Studio SDK software included in this application so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An " Excluded License" is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification, or distribution, that (a) the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form, or (b) others have the right to modify it.

Export and Import Restrictions

This Program may contain cryptography. Transfer to, or use by, users of the Program may be prohibited or subject to export or import laws, regulations or policies, including those of the United States Export Administration Regulations. Licensee assumes all responsibility for complying with all applicable laws, regulations, and policies regarding the export, import, or use of this Program, including but not limited to, U.S. restrictions on exports or reexports. To obtain the export classification of this Program refer to: https://www.ibm.com/products/exporting/.

The following units of measure may apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Resource Value Unit (RVU)

Resource Value Unit (RVU) is a unit of measure by which the Program can be licensed. RVU Proofs of Entitlement are based on the number of units of a specific resource used or managed by the Program. Licensee must obtain sufficient entitlements for the number of RVUs required for Licensee's environment for the specific resources as specified in the table below. RVU entitlements are specific to the Program and the type of resource and may not be exchanged, interchanged, or aggregated with RVU entitlements of another program or resource.

In addition to the entitlements required for the Resources used by the Program directly, Licensee must obtain entitlements for this Program sufficient to cover the Resources managed by the Program.

In addition to the above, the following terms apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

The resources for the purpose of the RVU calculation are Activated Processor Cores managed by the Program. An Activated Processor Core is a processor core that is available for use in a physical or virtual server, regardless of whether the capacity of the processor core can be or is limited through virtualization technologies, operating system commands, BIOS settings, or similar restrictions. Licensee can deploy the Program using either Full Capacity licensing or Virtualization Capacity (Sub-Capacity) licensing according to the Passport Advantage Sub-Capacity Licensing Terms (see webpage below). If using Full Capacity licensing, each Activated Processor Core in the physical hardware environment managed by the Program must be counted, except for those servers from which the Program permanently no longer manages. If using Virtualization Capacity licensing, the Virtualization Capacity License Counting Rules at http://www.ibm.com/software/lotus/passportadvantage/Counting_Software_licenses_using_specific_virtualization_technologies.html defines how many Activated Processor Cores must be counted.

From 1 to 2,500 resources, RVUs per resource = 1 RVU for a maximum of 2,500 RVUs at this level (cumulative RVUs of 2,500)
From 2,501 to 10,000 resources, RVUs per resource = .8 RVU for a maximum of 6,000 RVUs at this level (cumulative RVUs of 8,500)
From 10,001 to 50,000 resources, RVUs per resource = .6 RVU for a maximum of 24,000 RVUs at this level (cumulative RVUs of 32,500)
From 50,001 to 150,000 resources, RVUs per resource = .4 RVU for a maximum of 40,000 RVUs at this level (cumulative RVUs of 72,500)
For more than 150,001 resources, RVUs per resource = .2 RVUs


This Program includes the following software which may not be used for Evil purposes. 

followed by the list of JSON licensed components:

JSON

L/N:  L-MMMA-B3UDLB
D/N:  L-MMMA-B3UDLB
P/N:  L-MMMA-B3UDLB


