The translated license terms can be viewed here: https://www-03.ibm.com/software/sla/sladb.nsf/searchlis/?searchview&searchorder=4&searchmax=0&query=(Spectrum+Symphony+7.3)

LICENSE INFORMATION

The Programs listed below are licensed under the following License Information terms and conditions in addition to the Program license terms previously agreed to by Client and IBM. If Client does not have previously agreed to license terms in effect for the Program, the International License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs (Z125-5589-05) applies.

Program Name (Program Number):
IBM Spectrum Symphony Community Edition, 7.3 (Community)

The following standard terms apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Prohibited Uses

Licensee may not use or authorize others to use the Program if failure of the Program could lead to death, bodily injury, or property or environmental damage.

Separately Licensed Code

The provisions of this paragraph do not apply to the extent they are held to be invalid or unenforceable under the law that governs this license. Each of the components listed below is considered "Separately Licensed Code". IBM Separately Licensed Code is licensed to Licensee under the terms of the applicable third party license agreement(s) set forth in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file(s) that accompanies the Program. Notwithstanding any of the terms in the Agreement, or any other agreement Licensee may have with IBM, the terms of such third party license agreement(s) governs Licensee's use of all Separately Licensed Code unless otherwise noted below.

Future Program updates or fixes may contain additional Separately Licensed Code. Such additional Separately Licensed Code and related licenses are listed in another NON_IBM_LICENSE file that accompanies the Program update or fix. Licensee acknowledges that Licensee has read and agrees to the license agreements contained in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file(s). If Licensee does not agree to the terms of these third party license agreements, Licensee may not use the Separately Licensed Code.

For Programs acquired under the International Program License Agreement ("IPLA") or International Program License Agreement for Non Warranted Program ("ILAN") and Licensee is the original licensee of the Program, if Licensee does not agree with the third party license agreements, Licensee may return the Program in accordance with the terms of, and within the specified time frames stated in, the "Money-back Guarantee" section of the IPLA or ILAN IBM Agreement.

Note: Notwithstanding any of the terms in the third party license agreement, the Agreement, or any other agreement Licensee may have with IBM:
(a) IBM provides this Separately Licensed Code to Licensee WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND;
(b) IBM DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR INTERFERENCE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SEPARATELY LICENSED CODE;
(c) IBM is not liable to Licensee, and will not defend, indemnify, or hold Licensee harmless for any claims arising from or related to the Separately Licensed Code; and
(d) IBM is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages including, but not limited to, lost data, lost savings, and lost profits, with respect to the Separately Licensed Code.

Notwithstanding these exclusions, in Germany and Austria, IBM's warranty and liability for the Separately Licensed Code is governed only by the respective terms applicable for Germany and Austria in IBM license agreements.

Note: IBM may provide limited support for some Separately Licensed Code. If such support is available, the details and any additional terms related to such support will be set forth in the License Information document.

The following are Separately Licensed Code:
busybox
hook
httpcore
jcip-annotiations
XenServer-SDK

libdnf
librhsm
microdnf
findutils
sed
binutils
json-c
libidn
readline
libcroco
libdb
libmount
perl-Socket
dracut
lua
gnupg2
less
libverto
libunistring
krb5-libs
perl-Exporter
libutempter
hardlink
util-linux
libacl
info
device-mapper-libs
perl-Getopt-Long
ncurses-base
perl-Filter
groff-base
libgcrypt
kmod
dbus-libs
perl
glibc
libsemanage-python
gobject-introspection
perl-Pod-Escapes
sqlite
libblkid
tar
gpm-libs
openssl
perl-Time-Local
ustr
gettext-libs
coreutils
grep
gdbm
glibc-common
perl-File-Path
pth
systemd
lsof
shared-mime-info
libffi
perl-macros
libdb-utils
libstdc++
kpartx
perl-File-Temp
nss-pem
libgomp
libcap
libssh2
which
libattr
elfutils-libs
ncurses
hostname
pcre
libcurl
nspr
curl
acl
p11-kit-trust
perl-constant
libsepol
gawk
elfutils-default-yama-scope
cpio
perl-Pod-Usage
perl-libs
lz4
net-tools
perl-threads-shared
procps-ng
libsmartcols
pam
perl-Text-ParseWords
rpm-libs
chkconfig
perl-PathTools
systemd-libs
pkgconfig
libxml2
libuuid
p11-kit
audit-libs
perl-threads
perl-parent
basesystem
pygpgme
expat
bash
json-glib
qrencode-libs
perl-podlators
glib2
perl-Encode
perl-Scalar-List-Utils
gzip
libgcc
bzip2-libs
libpeas
libassuan
bc
openssl-libs
libsolv
filesystem
perl-HTTP-Tiny
libpwquality
perl-Pod-Perldoc
make
gmp
libtasn1
cracklib-dicts
libuser
elfutils-libelf
gettext
librepo
perl-Carp
cryptsetup-libs
vim-filesystem
keyutils-libs
pinentry
diffutils
ncurses-libs
popt
perl-Time-HiRes
cracklib
ca-certificates
kmod-libs
libselinux
libcap-ng
dbus
openldap
perl-Storable
python
setup
xz
python-libs
libgpg-error
cyrus-sasl-lib
libcom_err
device-mapper
rpm
perl-Pod-Simple
nss-softokn-freebl
nss-util
shadow-utils
redhat-release-server
nss-sysinit
nss
vim-common
nss-tools
nss-softokn
vim-enhanced
tzdata

Privacy

Licensee acknowledges and agrees that IBM may use cookie and tracking technologies to collect personal information in gathering product usage statistics and information designed to help improve user experience and/or to tailor interactions with users in accordance with the IBM Online Privacy Policy, available at http://www.ibm.com/privacy/.

Source Components and Sample Materials

The Program may include some components in source code form ("Source Components") and other materials identified as Sample Materials. Licensee may copy and modify Source Components and Sample Materials for internal use only provided such use is within the limits of the license rights under this Agreement, provided however that Licensee may not alter or delete any copyright information or notices contained in the Source Components or Sample Materials. IBM provides the Source Components and Sample Materials without obligation of support and "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR NON-INTERFERENCE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Terms for Microsoft Visual Studio

The Program may contain Microsoft Visual Studio SDK code. Licensee is not permitted to use such code to develop extensions to Microsoft Visual Studio. Licensee will not modify or distribute the source code of any Microsoft Visual Studio SDK software included in this application so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An " Excluded License" is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification, or distribution, that (a) the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form, or (b) others have the right to modify it.

Export and Import Restrictions

This Program may contain cryptography. Transfer to, or use by, users of the Program may be prohibited or subject to export or import laws, regulations or policies, including those of the United States Export Administration Regulations. Licensee assumes all responsibility for complying with all applicable laws, regulations, and policies regarding the export, import, or use of this Program, including but not limited to, U.S. restrictions on exports or reexports. To obtain the export classification of this Program refer to: https://www.ibm.com/products/exporting/.

L/N:  L-MMMA-BJH9WJ
D/N:  L-MMMA-BJH9WJ
P/N:  L-MMMA-BJH9WJ


